that's some footage worth getting yeah
yeah it's not something
you can fight it out
we got him yeah
the only day night they have no idea
we're certainly
one on the left is kicking some butt
yeah he's big
one in a wreck though he given in
I can't believe there's have no idea
we're here no
look at that guy's head off twisted
there's this coyote look at that Kyle
running right up to him where look at
right it's right to the right of them
dude seriously that guy owns right there
now they're taking off comes after holy
crab you'd that rocks did you get down
to ya yep it's just just walking you got
him you got him if you pick them up in
the scope there it is safety is there
another one over there yeah there's two
of them take the closest one okay yeah I
see the other one you got yeah you got
him no I don't know he acted weird he
went down his hind end oh there's both
of them run on the other side where's he
had on the other side now wait I see him
as too far away is there two of them
still no I just see the one yeah you
might have got him wait he's done he's
going up slow where's he at oh I see him
no I oh I see him that's too far away